DOCS-6755 Source Code Integration + Serverless AWS Lambda Configuration Update (#20737)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/aws_lambda/configuration.md

## Link errors to your source code

> [Datadog source code integration][26] allows you to link your telemetry (such as stack traces) to the source code of your Lambda functions in GitHub. 

Reviewer: Suggesting this since we don't only support GitHub
```suggestion
[Datadog source code integration][26] allows you to link your telemetry (such as stack traces) to the source code of your Lambda functions in your Git repositories. 
```
